   SpectraPro With Windows 2000 or Windows NT
    For Users Not Logged On As Administrator

Installation of SpectraSense:

Installing SpectraPro on a computer running under 
the Windows NT or Windows 2000 operating systems 
requires that someone with administrator privileges 
do the installation.  For computers with these 
operating systems, which are connected to a network, 
this may require the assistance of a network 
administrator to complete the install process.  
Once the install is completed, the administrator 
must bring up SpectraPro once to enable the user 
privileges in the SpectraPro software.

Operation for Users:

SpectraPro Software uses the Windows registry to 
keep track of the accessories that are attached to 
Acton Research instruments. This is the Microsoft 
recommended way of operating. The registry keys for 
SpectraPro fall under the 
HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\SOFTWARE\Acton_Research 
Registry Key. The data is placed here so all users 
can keep track of the instrument configuration.  
Placing the key in HKEY_CURRENT_USER would result 
in a different hardware configuration for each 
'User' account. The problem under Win NT/2000 
is that the operating system sets access 
permissions for registry keys. The system default 
permission for where our key is placed is Administrator 
Read/Write; everyone else has Read Only permission. The 
install program does not provide a way to effectively 
change Registry Permissions during the installation 
process. This issue can be corrected by providing the 
user write access to this key and all of it's sub key's. 
This can be done one of two ways.

The most straightforward solution is to give the 
SpectraPro User Administrative privileges on his 
account. Your network administrator may not be 
willing to allow this, however. 
The procedure is as follows:

1. Log in as administrator 
   (or log in an account with Administrator Privileges).
2. Pull up the User Manager and Add Administrator 
   group to the user. 

	Under NT4
	* Right Click Start
	* Open All Users
	* Open Programs
	* Open Administrative Tools (Common)
	* Open User Manager
	* Double Click on the User in question
	* Click the Groups Icon
	* Add the Administrator Group

	Under Win2K 
	* Right Click Start, 
	* Open All Users, 
	* Open Programs, 
	* Open Administrative Tools
	* Open Computer Management
	* Open Local Users and Groups
	* Open Users
	* Double Click User In Question
	* Click the Member of Tab
	* Click Add
	* Select Administrators


The second method is to manually modify the 
Permissions on the Registry Key 
(and all sub key's) in question.

1.  Log in as administrator 
    (or log in an account with Administrator Privileges).
2.  Left Click Start
3.  Click Run
4.  Type regedt32.exe 
    (Use extreme caution in editing the registry.
     It is advisable to back-up the retistry before 
     making changes).
5.  Find the HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE window
6.  Open Software by Clicking on the Plus
7.  Click on the Acton_Research key
8.  Now go to the Security Menu item
9.  Click on Permissions
10. For each group that you want to have access to 
    SpectraSense, make sure full control is checked.
11. Make sure the Check Box : Allow inheritable permissions 
    from parent to propagate to this object is checked.
12. Click Apply
13. Exit RegEdt32.exe



